Kyle Gapulan 40008320
CART353
Assignment 1
50 ideas

1. An educational game where players can rearrange letters in a magic bowl of alphabet soup to solve problems.
2. An instrument of sorts that can be interacted with using sensors.
3. An image generator that uses heat to generate visuals, similar to a mood ring.
4. A drawing tool using assets from games like breakout or pong.
5. A VR game using motion to locate items.
6. A "VR game" using motion to locate items with no visual feedback and instead using sound.
7. A sculpture that would allow people to communicate with it using social media, affecting its appearance.
8. A program that generates poetry according to images being fed to it.
9. A program that alters web pages based on microphone input.
10. A text based game where you try to convince an AI to reveal keywords which are necessary to progress in the game.
11. A shooting game that tests a player's memory.
12. A projection that can be interacted with when people wave their hands in front of it.
13. A game with awkward controls, for example, using a bar of soap as a main method of movement.
14. A game where a player controls a character standing under the rain with a bucket. The goal is to catch enough water to clear the level before the rain stops.
15. A text-based multiplayer game (like a group conversation) where you are assigned a secret word. You will need to guide a conversation in such a way to convince another player to enter your word, awarding you points. The game will end once a player reaches a set number of points.
16. A game with a dimly lit labyrinth, requiring players to use senses other than sight to progress.
17. A game where you need to slide down an escalator while avoiding obstacles.
18. A touchscreen based game where you need to write as many words as you can without breaking the pencil lead. (This would require some way to measure how much pressure is being put on the screen.)
19. A educational game that uses a tablet (Nintendo 3DS, Nintendo Wii U Gamepad, Nintendo Switch, iPad, etc.) to teach people the basics of drawing and painting.
20. An experimental game where players play versions of classic games like Snake, but the controls rebel against them and change over time.
21. A game where you have to make it across a train while balancing yourself (using keyboard as input)
22. A collective art piece using different devices to draw on a big canvas.
23. A game where you throw pieces of eraser at your friend sitting in the front row of the class, while trying to avoid hitting the teacher and getting caught.
24. A game where you are on a boat in the dark and you see nothing except for what is lit by a torch. Your goal is to blow (into a microphone) in order to propel your boat forward with caution as not to blow your torch out and causing a game over.
25. A game where you use a flashlight as source of input
26. A game where you use all 5 fingers for different functions (not to be played on a keyboard)
27. A VR/motion controlled game where you throw paper airplanes from one side to another (onto a platform)
28. A browser extension that allows people to shape text the way they want it to be displayed
29. A game where you control a vacuum cleaner and need to prevent dust levels from reaching a treshold when a parent comes in to check up on you
30. A game that uses the mouse to gauge nervousness by keeping track of mousemovements
31. A zen garden, making use of motion controllers or a drawing tablet.
32. A memory game that generates patterns and you'll need to determine whether it is a new pattern or a returning one.
33. A game that uses mirror reflections as a main element of gameplay
34. A game where you have to evaluate passports and determine whether or not a party can proceed
35. A game where you are required to "cheat" to make it to the next level
36. A toy that scolds people when they swear and discourages it
37. a game where you are assigned simple tasks but over time get increasingly harder to balance, teaching effective time management
38. A visual experience that helps people relax, reduce stress or fall asleep. Requires no input unlike the zen garden (#31).
39. An audible experience that can be used as a halloween ambience piece
40. A game where you are forced to live a double life as a social worker and as a mafia leader and you will have to evaluate what you value more between morality and profits.
41. A game that takes place in a grocery store where you have to carry your items effectively by using an optimal number of plastic bags
42. A kite flying simulator
43. A game where you, a librarian, pushes a squeaky book cart as you place them in their respective places and you have to find a route that disturbs the least number of people
44. A looping visual installation that can be projected
45. A game where players take turns picking up 1 controller at a time, where one controller will determine who loses the round by playing a sound effect (technology will use motion detection to track this)
46. A game where you have a short amount of time to pound mochi as much as you can before it is flung onto a wall. The best mochi will be gooey and will stick to the wall for the longest amount of time.
47. A sketch that emulates an ecosystem and makes use of feedback loops
48. A game where you have to direct airplanes to their appropriate positions using flags, based on their design.
49. A sculpture that takes input from social media such as Twitter and changes its appearance accordingly.
50. A game where you will need to roll a snowball (using an actual ball with sensors inside it) with the goal of making the biggest snowball without it crumbling.
